# Morabaraba Game
#### Video Demo:  <https://youtu.be/ZtRGmyNp02s?si=yGwYShS_vDLHvFQw>
#### Description:
Game Description: Tic-tac-toe , noughts, or Xs and Os  is a paper-and-pencil game for two players who take turns marking the spaces in a three-by-three grid with X or O. The player who succeeds in placing three of their marks in a horizontal, vertical, or diagonal row is the winner. It is a solved game, with a forced draw assuming best play from both players. Tic-tac-toe is played on a three-by-three grid by two players, who alternately place the marks X and O in one of the nine spaces in the grid.

Code Description: In this game, I made the dose game using the Python programming language and the pygame library.  One of my reasons for choosing the Python programming language was the ability of this language to perform database tasks.  With the help of its many libraries, as well as simple methods for creating a database (such as a dictionary, list, data frame, etc.), this language is a suitable option for game development.  This code is written in three parts, each part has its own function.  In the first part, a function has been created using the pygame library, which is used as a page outside the coding environment to display the output.  This function receives various values ​​as input, these input values ​​are the text we want to display and also the length and width dimensions of the page.  After displaying the page, this page will automatically close after six seconds using the time library.  In the second part, the rules of the game are explained using the written function.  These rules consist of choosing the right house by the player (which are not outside the range of 3x3 numbers) and not choosing duplicate houses.  If any of these things are not followed, the code will stop and the players will have to start playing again.  In the third part, there is the main code, in which the entire game process takes place, and it is the most important part of the code. A dictionary is created as the initial data, which contains the empty houses of the game, which will be filled in the end.  By taking various inputs from the user (and checking whether they are correct in accordance with the rules of the game), it applies the desired changes to the dictionary, so that if it is the turn of the first player, the empty space is filled with X, and if it is the turn of the second player, the item  The comment is filled with O.  In the last step, the output of the dictionary is displayed in the programming environment and we display it with the help of the primary function.  At each stage, it is checked whether the final conditions of the game have been met or not, if all three houses are filled with the same symbols in the vertical, horizontal or diagonal line by a player, that player is declared the winner.  If none of the players can finish the game in 9 moves and all the houses are filled, the game is declared equal.
